Title: August 2017 meetup
Slug: 2017-aug-meetup
Author: Ivan
Date: 2017-08-29
Category: meetings
Tags: machine learning, GUI


*Date:* August 29, 7 to 9pm<br/>
*Venue:* Singapore Power, Keppel Tower 2 #08-00, Tanjong Pagar Road<br/>
*Signup:* [meetup page](https://www.meetup.com/Singapore-Python-User-Group/events/240986696/).

## Agenda

**7pm: Meet & Greet**

**7:30pm: Talk #1: Predicting Singapore House price and rents with linear regression and neural network using URA property transaction data by Vikrant Rathore**

([video](https://engineers.sg/v/1954))

*Abstract:*
I recently moved to a new home. While looking for a home I checked
propertyguru.com and 99.co, two most common place to look for buy/sell or rent
property in Singapore. But while looking at them I wanted to see if the asking
price is in-line with the actual value of the house or not. As URA (Urban
Renewal Authority) in Singapore compiles the property transaction data
(available as realis paid subscription or free with limited information). Based
on this data I thought of writing python prgram to see if can leverage machine
learning or deep learning to to train linear regression model using URA data and
predict the price based on location and size of the house and compare it with
asking price. In this attempt to write the program I trained linear regression
model using various algorithms like Elastic Net, Random Forest and linear
regression with single layer and multi-layer neural network using tensorflow.
Later compared them and then used the model to predict unseen data. In this talk
I will walk you through the journey of how I tried doing step by step using
jupyter notebook, pandas, numpy, scipy, tensorflow, keras, matplotlib. You will
see the challenges of handling categorical data for linear regression which
prefer numerical data and some of the ways to avoid over-fitting or
under-fitting. Consider it like a primer on machine learning for house
price/rental prediction for Singapore property transactions.


*Bio*:
Vikrant Rathore is technology professional and an entrepreneur at heart with
interest in Startups and Innovative Technology. With over 20 years of working
experience in Asia, USA and Europe, at present working on his own Startup
Komerco which is his attempt to organize global product information for
multi-channel commerce. In this endeavor leveraging Python and its excellent
libraries. Previously in China while working for arvato systems (part of
Bertelsmann, one of the largest media and services group in Europe), he helped
many multi-nationals for digital transformation and direct to consumer strategy.
He also worked with Bayer in APAC region to launch their sales force
effectiveness and customer relationship management program targeting healthcare
professionals like doctors, nurses and hospitals. In his current work whenever
necessary he leverages machine and deep learning to make decisions.


**8pm: Talk #2: Introduction to BeeWare by Paul Lorett Amazona**

([slides &
code](https://github.com/whatevergeek/presentations/tree/master/201708/intro_to_beeware-toga),
[video](https://engineers.sg/v/1955))


*Abstract*: 
Toga is Python native, OS native GUI toolkit. It allows one to develop an app in
Python and deploy it as a native implementation in various platforms. Paul (who
recently attended Pycon AU 2017) will be sharing his experience in one if the
conference sprints where he contributed to the development of a toga widget. If
time allows, he'll demo an app written in python and deployed in a number of
platforms (e.g. windows, linux, etc).

*Bio*:
Paul is a developer who enjoys polyglot development. He uses .NET and Microsoft
Dev stack at work. Outside work, he uses other languages such as Python and R
for non-profit initiatives and various personal IoT projects.

--------

**Thanks to [SP](https://www.spgroup.com.sg) for the food and venue
and [Engineers.SG](https://engineers.sg) for recording the event!**
