Title: May 2017 meetup
Slug: 2017-may-meetup
Author: Ivan
Date: 2017-05-06
Category: meetings
Tags: dev-practice

## It's Slack time

We now have a slack channel open to everybody. You can join at
<https://pugs-org-sg-slackin.now.sh/>.


## May meetup

The next PUGS meetup is planned for May 31, from 7 to 9pm at
[Zendesk](https://www.zendesk.com/), 401 Commonwealth Drive Haw Par Technocentre, #07-01
([map](https://goo.gl/maps/NNHUz)).

RSVP at the [meetup page](https://www.meetup.com/Singapore-Python-User-Group/events/239748794/).

**UPDATE**

  - [Pyfrost talk slides](goo.gl/ZEGcY2)
  - [Photos from the event](https://goo.gl/1Qys5Z).


**Agenda**

7pm: Meet & Greet. While everyone arrives, we have the chance to chat and
mingle, Zendesk is kindly sponsoring snacks and soft-drinks.

7:30pm: Talk #1: **Pyfrost: microservice for feature gating**

*Abstract*: Pyfrost is a microservice that aims to solve all your feature gating
needs. The philosophy behind pyfrost is to think of entitlement of features you
develop as a logical conclusion of various considerations.


*Bio*:Yatish Bathini has been working as a software engineer on the live chat
product offered by Zendesk (formerly known as Zopim) since 2015. He is an
integral part of the team working on developing key product features for
enterprise markets.


8pm: Talk #2: **Introduction to Algorithmic Trading With Quantopian**

*Abstract*: In this short sharing session, Anthony will walk you through the
[Quantopian](https://www.quantopian.com) platform and explain the data, tools,
lectures and various aids provided to get you from a novice to professional algo
developer. You will learn how to utilise the back tester to test your algo
strategy and when you are happy with it, go live and trade with real money.

*Bio*: Anthony has been teaching investment and portfolio management related
modules at educational institutions since 2010. He holds an MBA and an MFE from
Otago University (NZ) and NUS (Singapore) respectively. With a strong passion
for finance, data science, and programming, Anthony has also designed
curriculums for his own beginner level algorithmic trading workshops in addition
to Quantopian events.

